[terra-table] Uplift Table components, create HTML Table (#2615)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-table/src/terra-dev-site/doc/table/guides.91/MultiSelectTable.2.doc.mdx

import MultiSelectTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/guides/MultiSelectTable?dev-site-example';

# Terra Table - Implementing a Multi Select Table

> The terra-table implementation requires controlled state if selections are required. As a result selections are applied at child row generation from the consuming component's state. The following guide show you how to implement that state within a multiple row selection variant of table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how to implement that state within a multiple row selection variant of table. To enable row selection, terra-table requires selection state to be managed by the consuming component. As a result selections from the consuming components state are applied at generation of the table rows.
```

```diff
+ const [selectedKey, setSelectedKey] = useState([]);
```
Next creating an event handler callback method to pass to the table row's "onToggle" prop. The "onToggle" will return the metaData prop passed it each row.
```diff
+  const handleRowToggle = (event, metaData) => {

+  };
```
As a precaution we can prevent default on the event, in case the table has an ancestor with a listener. This also prevents the browser from auto page scrolling when we are intending to make a selection with the space bar.
```diff
  const handleRowToggle = (event, metaData) => {
+   event.preventDefault();
  };
```
Terra Table comes with additional helpers to manage state, in this case we want to determine if the selection has selected or unselected the table row key in our state. So we use the utility method `toggleArrayValue`, which takes an array of keys and returns a new array of keys following the addition or removal of the key passed. We then set this as our state.
```diff
  const handleRowToggle = (event, metaData) => {
    event.preventDefault();
+   setSelectedKeys(Utils.toggleArrayValue(selectedKeys, metaData.key));
  }
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Setting state will trigger another render. So in the render method we need generate our table rows with the updated isSelected and isSelectable props. Each item needs a unique key, not necessarily associated to our own key, but it works as well. The table renders flat, so keys need to be unique even if they are placed within sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting state will trigger another render. In the render method we need generate our table rows with the updated isSelected and isSelectable props. Each item needs a unique key, not necessarily associated to our own key, but it works as well. The table renders flat, so keys need to be unique even if they are placed within sections.
```
